**PRIVACY NOTICE**

\

**Last updated December 11, 2020**

\

\

\

Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Reverb, Obrt za
računalno programiranje i informatičke usluge ("company", "we", "us",
"our"). We are committed to protecting your personal information and
your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our
policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information,
please contact us at reverb051@gmail.com.

\

When you visit our mobile application, and use our services, you trust
us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously.
In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to
explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect,
how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you
take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If
there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with,
please discontinue use of our Apps and our services.

\

This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our
mobile application, ("**Apps**"), and/or any related services, sales,
marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy
policy as the "**Sites**").

\

**Please read this privacy **policy carefully as it will help you make
informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us**.**

\

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

\

[1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?](#infocollect)

[2. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?](#infoshare)

[3. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?](#3pwebsites)

[4. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?](#inforetain)

[5. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?](#infosafe)

[6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?](#infominors)

[7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?](#privacyrights)

[8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES](#DNT)

[9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?](#caresidents)

[10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?](#policyupdates)

[11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?](#contact)

\

**1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?**

**\
****Information collected through our Apps**

\

***In Short: ****** ****We may collect information regarding your** when
you use our apps.*

\

If you use our Apps, we also collect the following information:

**\
****Information collected from other sources**

\

***In Short:  ****We may collect limited data from public databases,
marketing partners, **and other outside sources.*

\

We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public
databases, joint marketing partners, as well as from other third
parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources
include: social media profile information; marketing leads and search
results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links).

\

**2. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?**

\

***In Short:****  We only share information with your consent, to comply
with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to
fulfill business obligations.*

\

We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following
legal basis:

-   **Consent:** We may process your data if you have given us specific
    consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.

-   **Legitimate Interests:** We may process your data when it is
    reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.

-   **Performance of a Contract:** Where we have entered into a contract
    with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the
    terms of our contract.

-   **Legal Obligations:** We may disclose your information where we are
    legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law,
    governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal
    process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena
    (including in response to public authorities to meet national
    security or law enforcement requirements).

-   **Vital Interests:** We may disclose your information where we
    believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action
    regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud,
    situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person
    and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are
    involved.

More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your
personal information in the following situations:

-   **Business Transfers.** We may share or transfer your information in
    connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of
    company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our
    business to another company.

 

**3. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?**

\

***In Short: **** We are not responsible for the safety of any
information that you share with third-party providers who advertise, but
are not affiliated with, our websites.*

\

The Apps may contain advertisements from third parties that are not
affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services
or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of
data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third
parties is not covered by this privacy policy. We are not responsible
for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any
third parties, including other websites, services or applications that
may be linked to or from the Apps. You should review the policies of
such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your
questions.

\

**4. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?**

\

***In Short: **** We keep your information for as long as necessary to
fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise
required by law.*

\

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is
necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a
longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax,
accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will
require us keeping your personal information for longer than
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

\

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your
personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this
is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been
stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal
information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is
possible.

\

**5. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?**

\

***In Short: **** We aim to protect your personal information through a
system of organisational and technical security measures.*

\

We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security
measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we
process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the
internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect
your personal information, transmission of personal information to and
from our Apps is at your own risk. You should only access the services
within a secure environment.

\

**6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?**

\

***In Short:****  We do not knowingly collect data from or market to
children under 18 years of age.*

\

We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18
years of age. By using the Apps, you represent that you are at least 18
or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to
such minor dependent’s use of the Apps. If we learn that personal
information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we
will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly
delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we
may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at
reverb051@gmail.com.

\

**7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?**

\

***In Short:****  In some regions, such as the European Economic Area,
you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your
personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account
at any time.*

\

In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain
rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the
right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal
information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict
the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to
data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right
to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a
request, please use the [contact details](#contact) provided below. We
will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable
data protection laws.

\

If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information,
you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note
however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing
before its withdrawal.

 

If you are a resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we
are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the
right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority.
You can find their contact details here:
[http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index\_en.htm](http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm).

\

**8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES**

\

Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile
applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can
activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your
online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform
technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has
been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser
signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your
choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is
adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that
practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.

\

**9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?**

\

***In Short: **** Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are
granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.*

\

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The
Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request
and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about
categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third
parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all
third parties with which we shared personal information in the
immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident
and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in
writing to us using the contact information provided below.

\

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a
registered account with the Apps, you have the right to request removal
of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Apps. To request removal
of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided
below, and include the email address associated with your account and a
statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is
not publicly displayed on the Apps, but please be aware that the data
may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems.

\

**10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?**     

*\
*

***In Short: ** Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay
compliant with relevant laws.*

\

We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version
will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version
will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material
changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently
posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a
notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently
to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

\

**11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?**     

\

If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at
reverb051@gmail.com or by post to:

\

Reverb, Obrt za računalno programiranje i informatičke usluge

Tina Ujevića 2

Rijeka, Croatia 51000

Croatia

\

**HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM
YOU?**     

\

Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to
request access to the personal information we collect from you, change
that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to
review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a
request form by clicking
[here](https://app.termly.io/notify/44dd74fb-0882-4f8e-9643-8b386caf7b2d).
We will respond to your request within 30 days.

This privacy policy was created using [Termly’s Privacy Policy
Generator](https://termly.io/products/privacy-policy-generator/?ftseo).
